Thou shalt not use the lord's name in
vain people think that means don't swear
or curse and it sort of means that
there's peripheral meaning that is
associated with that casual use of the
Sacred let's say but that isn't what it
means it means don't
claim Divine virtue when you're working
for your own purposes and the same thing
happens in the gospel accounts say
because the Pharisees who are Christ's
primary enemy are the people he accuses
of
utilizing the sacred they're praying in
public they're trying to occupy the best
seats in the marketplace it's an
expression of an unbelievably deep and
ignorant narcissism it's these
performative gestures that make you
morally virtuous